README.md, before:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/36300099.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/36300099)
[![Hook Coverage](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/coverage.svg)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)
[![Hook Texts](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/texts.svg)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)
[![Hook Metadata](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/metadata.svg)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)
[![Total words](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/words.svg)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)
[![Greek Words](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/words.svg?lang=grc)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)


Canonical - Greek Literature
=========

This will be the base repo for all text and annotation data published in the PDL

Tufts University holds the overall copyright to the Perseus Digital Library; the materials therein 
(including all texts, translations, images, descriptions, drawings, etc.) are provided for the 
personal use of students, scholars, and the public. 

Materials within the Perseus DL have varying copyright status: please contact the project for more information 
about a specific component or object.  Copyright is protected by the copyright laws of the United States and 
the Universal Copyright Convention. 

Unless otherwise indicated, all contents of this repository are licensed under a 
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 United States License. You must  offer Perseus
any modifications you make. Perseus provides credit for all accepted changes.

# Installing on exist-db

- Install `ant`
- Run `ant` at the root of this repository.
- In the package manager of your existDB install, select your .xar file and upload it.
- You have now the Perseus Canonical Greek Lit installed in your repository.

Commit message:

(typo-correx) added wiki info

README.md, after:

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/36300099.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/36300099)
[![Hook Coverage](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/coverage.svg)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)
[![Hook Texts](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/texts.svg)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)
[![Hook Metadata](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/metadata.svg)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)
[![Total words](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/words.svg)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)
[![Greek Words](http://ci.perseids.org/api/hook/v2.0/badges/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/words.svg?lang=grc)](http://ci.perseids.org/repo/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit)


Canonical - Greek Literature
=========

This will be the base repo for all text and annotation data published in the PDL.

**Please [read the Wiki](https://github.com/PerseusDL/canonical-greekLit/wiki) for information on contacting us and submitting corrections, etc.**

Tufts University holds the overall copyright to the Perseus Digital Library; the materials therein 
(including all texts, translations, images, descriptions, drawings, etc.) are provided for the 
personal use of students, scholars, and the public. 

Materials within the Perseus DL have varying copyright status: please contact the project for more information 
about a specific component or object.  Copyright is protected by the copyright laws of the United States and 
the Universal Copyright Convention. 

Unless otherwise indicated, all contents of this repository are licensed under a 
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 United States License. You must  offer Perseus
any modifications you make. Perseus provides credit for all accepted changes.

# Installing on exist-db

- Install `ant`
- Run `ant` at the root of this repository.
- In the package manager of your existDB install, select your .xar file and upload it.
- You have now the Perseus Canonical Greek Lit installed in your repository.
